{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 package SeleniumDemo;\
import org.openqa.selenium.By;\
import org.openqa.selenium.JavascriptExecutor;\
import org.openqa.selenium.TakesScreenshot;\
import org.openqa.selenium.WebDriver;\
import org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils;\
import org.openqa.selenium.OutputType;\
\
\
import org.openqa.selenium.chrome.ChromeDriver;\
\
import java.io.File;\
import java.io.IOException;\
\
public class OpenChrome\{\
    public void OpenUrl() throws Exception \{\
        System.
\f1\i setProperty
\f0\i0 ("webdriver.chrome.driver", "/users/balaje/Downloads/chromedriver");\
\
// Initialize browser\
        WebDriver driver = new ChromeDriver();\
\
// Open facebook\
        driver.get("http://www.cic.gc.ca/");\
        driver.navigate().refresh();\
        //driver.findElement(By.name("email")).sendKeys("balajiprabakar@gmail.com");\
        //driver.findElement(By.name("pass")).sendKeys("Balaji@1989e");\
        //driver.findElement(By.id("loginbutton")).click();\
        //driver.findElement(By.xpath("//*[@id=\\'js_iz\\']/form/button/i")).click();\
\
\
// Maximize browser\
\
        driver.manage().window().maximize();\
        driver.findElement(By.
\f1\i xpath
\f0\i0 ("/html/body/main/div/div[1]/div[2]/section[1]/p/a\\n")).click();\
        JavascriptExecutor jse = (JavascriptExecutor) driver;\
        jse.executeScript("scroll(0, 250);");\
        driver.findElement(By.
\f1\i xpath
\f0\i0 ("//*[@id=\\'wb-auto-6\\']/div[1]/section/h3/a")).click();\
        Thread.
\f1\i sleep
\f0\i0 (1000);\
        driver.findElement(By.
\f1\i xpath
\f0\i0 ("//*[@id=\\'wb-auto-5\\']/div[1]/section/h3/a")).click();\
        Thread.
\f1\i sleep
\f0\i0 (1000);\
        driver.findElement(By.
\f1\i xpath
\f0\i0 ("//*[@id=\\'wb-auto-6\\']/div[1]/section/div/p[2]/a\\n")).click();\
        Thread.
\f1\i sleep
\f0\i0 (1000);\
        driver.findElement(By.
\f1\i xpath
\f0\i0 ("//*[@id=\\'token1\\']")).sendKeys("balajersundaramp");\
        driver.findElement(By.
\f1\i xpath
\f0\i0 ("//*[@id=\\'token2\\']")).sendKeys("Password1!");\
        driver.findElement(By.
\f1\i xpath
\f0\i0 ("//*[@id=\\'login\\']/div[3]/div/button")).click();\
       // driver.findElement(By.cssSelector())\
\
\
        //driver.findElement(By.xpath("//*[@id=\\'userNavigationLabel\\']")).click();\
\
        this.
\f1\i takeSnapShot
\f0\i0 (driver, "/users/balaje/Downloads/FailedScr/test.png") ;\
\
\
    \}\
    public static void takeSnapShot(WebDriver webdriver,String fileWithPath) throws Exception\{\
\
        //Convert web driver object to TakeScreenshot\
\
        TakesScreenshot scrShot =((TakesScreenshot)webdriver);\
\
        //Call getScreenshotAs method to create image file\
\
        File SrcFile=scrShot.getScreenshotAs(OutputType.
\f1\i FILE
\f0\i0 );\
\
        //Move image file to new destination\
\
        File DestFile=new File(fileWithPath);\
\
        //Copy file at destination\
\
        FileUtils.
\f1\i copyFile
\f0\i0 (SrcFile, DestFile);\
\
    \}\
    public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception \{\
        OpenChrome p1 = new OpenChrome();\
p1.OpenUrl();\
    \}\
    \}\
//ID\
//Name\
//Link Text\
//CSS Selector\
//Tag and ID\
//Tag and class\
//Tag and attribute\
//Tag, class, and attribute\
//Inner text\
//DOM (Document Object Model)\
//getElementById\
//getElementsByName\
//dom:name\
//dom: index\
//XPath\
\
\
\
}